hello I am I explained it was like the republic about that the first goal
From Ricardo
because remove cheaper than others and all the factors that affect
the first thing that nothing takes away in favor of art for a hundred some will sign exotic
wood orchid that are more common
obviously he the decision factor of the wood that is used is going to affect
the price of this one
if in some way it only grows at a decisive moment of the year in a
remote region of the world is obviously going to affect the price kill it
additional to this
we must also consider that the train confrontation and assembly
by many companies they have several Easter divisions in their garden
pursue more view in its place in the world
to cut costs percent
of local labor hour
that or is obviously to follow instrument that has a percent lower value
it is not that it is of lesser quality it simply has another efe process in the
manufacturing
n the pieces
some federer
they are of regularity the smaller filming would give me majors only goes also
would affect to undermine the final value of the instrument
percent
the fis and is for a hundred
all kinds other guy missed them being
will determine the book value
of the instrument
mainly the number one factor in wood
we have to understand what it is
the hero something natural not all places have a one at all for the
evidence of correct health
sometimes to get the best tone in which seas in places the alleged aggressor
that will cost you and it will be the role of the determinant behind the anger
additional to this read
usually guitar manufacturing in the united states has a value
and a higher cost
poblet percent the labor law see
the alert about it
of salary which all this affects
there we have to see the mbe the manifestation of magic against
manufactures in your hand a human work will always come out more expensive believes
that the machine
because they can produce more in a short time
for at the end of the day when it is going to be very hard commits to rajoy to say
examining other factors
percent and follows a collection piece obviously
you will have to read
analyze what way that is left thing they want that they will send ibaka
part of its value
ee
if there is no league and look accompanying almost electric branches plus they are
just as good as it said 72
they make you retain the value the increase you want when you entered high quality
after all a little bit of luisa chappe competent dead you go very
good results
fc2 on the day of the return of the approximate hector Solomon